This is a super try hard run on 1.31.6 aimed to beat Terry's 1495 record (also
on 1.31.6). There are some "questionable" tricks/methods that I will allow:

1) HRE fast revoke (v1, v2, and v3) and HRE abuse (add non Europe in HRE). Terry
used these (he called v3 revoke Lambda revoke plus and HRE abuse god king)

2) Extreme save scumming/birding for pulse events (in particular dotf.1). Terry
has not explicitly mentioned that he save scummed for it, but I highly doubt he
got 2 two year pulse events with less than 0.5% chance without save scumming.
There's nothing wrong with save scumming to me, it's just a matter of effort,
but I'll do the same to match the level of RNG. I don't know how far Terry went
for these events, but I intend to capture all pulse events that I want. This
also includes replaying certain segments to get a favorable RNG, in particular
ruler deaths. Esen Taishi dying early and getting a Timurid dynasty is crucial
to the run. I may also consider replaying a segment for HRE emperor/Austria's
death so I don't have to spend a year or two forcing a re-election. This rule is
quite extreme to me, but it's something I have to enable to get a competitive
time.

3) CTA canceling. You can force a 1v1 offensive war on enemies using a
particular trick. This is mostly relevant for the early wars and is more about
reducing the number of 1444s to look for favorable nice alliance chains. Later
on, alliances save diplomat travel time, so it's not particularly a gamechanger.
As far as I know, Terry did not use this, so this gives my run a slight edge
esp. in the early game. Credits to Chinese community (CT?) for this.
see: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1LV41127UR 

4) Native migration manipulation TBD. I may or may not do this if I feel like
it. I used it in my 1.29 run, and I'm not sure if I can still manipulate post
rework 1.31 natives.

Note that as per usual, I do not allow custom nations, external programs (like
cheat engine), changing game files, etc.
